Wrapper Class
    Java use the concept of wrapper class for all 8 primitive types.
    In case of int, we can use Integer.
        by doing that it gives us a way to perform operations on an int datatype.
Overflow and Underflow
    if you try to put value larger than MAX value, you will get Overflow,
    if you try to put value smaller than MIN value, you will get Underflow
Size of primitive types and width
    byte occupies 8 bits. Byte has width of 8.
    short occupies 16 bits and has width of 16.
    int occupies 32 bits and has width of 32.

    each primitive type occupies a different amount of memory
Casting in Java
    Casting means to treat or convert a number from one type to another.
    eg: byte byteValue = (byte)(byteMinValue/2);
Floating Point Numbers
    have fractional parts that express with a decimal point.
    eg: 3.14159
    also known as real numbers.
    We use floating point numbers when we need more precision in calculations.

    Single and Double Precision.
        Precision refers to the format and amount of space occupied by the type.
        Single Precision occupies 32 bits and width of 32.
        Double Precision occupies 64 bits and width of 64.
Char
    A char occupies 2 bytes of memory OR 16 bits ad=nd has width of 16.
    It allows you to store unicode characters, that's why it not a single byte datatype.

    Unicode
        international encoding standard for use with different languages and scripts,
        each letter, digit or symbol is assigned a unique numeric value that applies across different platforms and programs.

        In english, we have A to Z (26 characters), but other languages have more characters.
        Unicode allows us to represent other languages also. The way it works by using the combination of 2 bytes that
            a char takes up in memory it represents and one of 65535 different types of characters.
Boolean
    A boolean value have 2 choices
        TRUE    or  FALSE
        YES     or  NO
        1       or  0
    In Java, boolean is a primitive datatype, and can set only 2 values, True or False.